hey you're watching Jake in a mere
Wallace Wallace Victor dammit sorry did
you just lock the door I left this on my
desk for two days so let's see what
people really think about me just
remember to have thick skin okay my skin
is fine all right so shut it you don't
sensitive about that kind of stuff
what kind of stuff stuff about me don't
hit me please don't hit me
up this box is like jam do you have
scissors or something no I don't just
carry scissors around whoa okay I'm to
tell me twice
give me a scissors so I do have to tell
you twice yeah yeah I just get your
scissors and we'll call it even
once you want another one of these all
right first one is a joke so I'm gonna
pass on that graph what do it does you
should work harder you're never at work
on time and I often see you doing stuff
that isn't related to your job someone's
goofing me no hi my name is damn from
the witness protection program connived
your scissors sir doesn't even make any
sense okay this one's got to be a goof I
reek of garbage ah not a suggestion it
says right there you should shower
regularly okay if you know the
difference between a goof and a real
suggestion you should just leave alright
I'll go that was a goof all right this
one's upside down I shall discard it as
a goof when you walk into the office it
literally feels like I'm being
waterboarded with diarrhea the stench of
a billion farts Jesus that one that was
a goof
oh what's that game rock-paper-scissors
huh doesn't mean I have them Lou who
lose one's a real goose says goofy it
just says die
let's see the next goof you've taken a
calling of goofs before you even read
them yeah it's a goof this one's not so
bad more healthy options in the vending
machine all right I think somebody did
not understand the concept behind yours
well I'm gonna make this one my mission
okay what good would it be to ignore all
these what about every single other one
those are goofs right having a groovy so
you keep breathing or no what's the
point okay each one of these little
pieces of paper is a tiny little
reminder that I'm not good enough that I
gotta change something why did you make
a suggestion box I was hoping it would
be empty no more suggestions did you
learn anything yeah I learned I need a
new job one that's far away from these
losers that's fine that was one of the
suggest yeah you're right I'll stick it
out didn't say that whoa what's that
get off me gimme your shit see you had
scissors
give it back aren't you always getting
sticky